the jabalia refugee camp under
bombardment for the third day in a row
this time near a un run School turn
shelter for ordinary
Palestinians
the Abu Hussein school was a refuge for
thousands who had already lost their
homes in the Israeli
bombardment the repeated attacks on
jabalia have left hundreds dead and the
UN Human Rights office says that could
amount to a war
crime major strikes have also hurt the B
refugee
camp and in southern Gaza another
journalist killed in an Israeli strike
Muhammad Abu hatab was a correspondent
for Palestine TV dead as well as 10
members of his
family his death was announced on the
channel he worked for his colleagues
saying there's no point in wearing
protective gear because journalists are
being killed
regardless and as the bombardments
continue from the ear on the ground
Israel says its troops have now
completely surrounded Gaza City
Israeli forces have completed the
encirclement of Gaza City the center of
the Hass terrorist organization in the
last hours artillery and infantry forces
in cooperation with the Air Force have
been attacking bases headquarters
concentration points and other Terror
infrastructure used by Hamas and its
terrorists but the armed wing of Hamas
Sayes its Fighters continue to
resist we are fighting on our land
fighting in its sky soil air and water
we will make Gaza as it was the curse of
history for this
entity Israel has ruled out any
ceasefire saying that would amount to a
surrender and as its troops press ahead
with their offensive Palestinian
civilians spend yet another day
searching through Rubble for their loved
ones and bearing the
dead Alex beard Al
jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer